OSDOCS-16181 [NETOBSERV] Release notes 1.10 (#99081)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-operator-release-notes-1-10-technology-preview-features.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * network_observability/network-observability-release-notes-1-10.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="network-observability-operator-release-notes-1-10-technology-preview-features_{context}"]
= Network Observability Operator 1.10 Technology Preview features

[id="network-observability-operator-custom-alerts-technology-preview_{context}"]
== Network Observability Operator custom alerts (Technology Preview)

> This release introduces new alert functionality, and custom alert configuration using Prometheus Query Language (`PromQL`). These capabilities are Technology Preview features.

Reviewer: Suggestion: should we clarify that it's not enabled by default? Or that's implicit as a TP.. It's also covered in your other PR, so I don't know...

```suggestion
This release introduces new alert functionality, and custom alert configuration using Prometheus Query Language (`PromQL`). These capabilities are Technology Preview features and need be enabled explicitly.
```

> The new alerts appear in *Observe* → *Alerting* → *Alerting rules* tab in the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view the new alerts, in the {product-title} web console, click *Observe* → *Alerting* → *Alerting rules*.
```

[id="network-observability-operator-network-health-dashboard-technology-preview_{context}"]
== Network Observability Operator Network Health dashboard (Technology Preview)

> When you enable the Technology Preview alerts functionality in the Network Observability Operator, a new *Network Health* dashboard appears in {product-title} web console → *Observe*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you enable the Technology Preview alerts functionality in the Network Observability Operator, you can view a a new *Network Health* dashboard in the {product-title} web console by clicking *Observe*.
```
